The database is a hospital management system, with primary functions including managing information of doctors, departments, wards, patients, and medicines, as well as recording patient and doctor visit records and medicine dispensing information. The system supports the management of various personnel within the hospital, records the patient diagnosis process, and tracks the usage of medications.

The system records all the doctors' information within the hospital, including the doctors' basic data and the department to which they belong. The system records doctor's ID, name, gender, title, years of service, phone number, and department ID.

The system records information of various departments within the hospital, including department name, person in charge, and basic department information, such as department ID, department name, total number of personnel, person in charge ID, location, and department phone number.

The system records the status of various wards within the hospital, including the number of beds and ward levels, such as ward ID, number of beds, ward level, and location.

The system records patients' basic information, diagnosis information, and ward information. Each patient has a unique ID. The patient's basic information includes patient ID, name, gender, age, contact information, consultation date, diagnosis description, and ward ID.

The system records information about medicines of the hospital, including medicine name, inventory quantity, and price, such as medicine ID, medicine name, inventory quantity, sales price, and remarks.

The system records the consultation information between patients and doctors, including consultation time, diagnosis description, and treatment results, such as patient ID, doctor ID, consultation time, diagnosis description, treatment results, and remarks.

The system records each patient's medication retrieval information, including medicine name, quantity retrieved, and retrieval time, such as patient ID, medicine ID, retrieval time, and retrieval quantity.